ARTIST: Jim Gaffigan
LYRICS:
I've had so much fun here I have.  I went bowling, I don't mean to brag.  Really there are two types of people that go bowling.  There are people that really really love bowling, and then there are the people that are like, "Wouldn't it be hysterical if we went bowling?".  Cause for most of us, bowling is the activity you do after you've done everything else.  It's like ( says in funny voice ) "Well we could go bowling, or we could just hang our selfs". "Why don't we go bowling?".  No ones ever jealous when they hear you went bowling. "Oh you went bowling? Glad I couldn't make it.".  Bowling's great you gotta love a sport you can eat while you play it.  Never see that in tennis!  "Hey before you serve just let me dig into these nachos!".  It's a different sport.  Theres an ash tray built into the bowling equipment!  Poker doesn't even have that!  And that hand dryer thing!  If you're sweating while your bowling, you're outta shape!  If you're outta shape and you're bowling, you're probably a professional bowler!  Nothing really healthy about bowling.  Must be the germafobe's nightmare!  "Here put on these moist shoes Ten-thousand people have wore.  And stick your fingers in these dirty holes!  Now you have the flu!".  How dirty are those holes!  It's not like those balls wear out!  They probably haven't manufactured a bowling ball in a thousand years!   Someones out there using Fred Flinstone's right now!  ( in funny voice ) "That is preposterous!"  I don't own a bowling ball cause I'm not a WEIRDO.  ( in funny voice ) "Yeah I wanna volunteer to carry round a fifty pound ball!  Can you put it in a big ugly purse?  That's how I wanna meet the lady's!  ( in deep funny voice ) "Hmm couldn't help but notice you staring at my purse.  It's filled with a big blue ball.  Mind if I follow you round the parking lot? I'll just be humming.  HMM HMM HMM BALL IN DA BAG!".  ( in high funny voice ) "That's the worst song ever!".  I always have to pick out my bowling ball.  I can never find the right one, I'm like "This one's to heavy!  This one's good but its PINK, and my fingers don't fit!".  How do they decide on the finger sizes?  Their either for a five year old girl or the incredible hulk!  How big are some peoples fingers?!?!  Some guy wearing a catchers mitt? ( funny deep voice ) "Yeah it's good.  I can still catch the game don't worry bout it.".  Those bowling shoes, no update there. ( funny voice ) "You need our special shoes before role our magic ball.".  Some people have their own bowling ball and their own bowling shoes and no friends. ( high funny voice ) "Thats mean.".  I can say that cause I like bowling.  I watch bowling on TV, cause I... use my time wisely.  I saw this college team championship.  Each team had their own coach.  What kind of strategy advice is a bowling coach giving?  ( low funny voice )  "Know what this time Timmy, I want you to knock down all the pins.".  "You sure?.".  "Trust me.  JUST DO IT SON!".  ( high funny voice ) "Thats weird.".  Bowling seems silly but, yeah we all take it very seriously right?  Till we get that first gutter ball.  We're like, ( funny voice ) "Lemme show you how it's done, heh heh heh heh! ( draws in breath ) This is a stupid sport.". -_-  Humph. Theres few moments in life as humiliating as that gutter ball.  The worst part is then you have to make that turn back to your friends.  "That ball's BROKEN!  It's tilted down there!".  Ya never wanna be the worst bowler in the group cause then everybody treats you like ya have cancer. ( high funny voice)  "You can do it!  We're praying for you!"  The advice starts "Use a heavier ball, keep your arms straight, you should get a bisect mate!".  If you're really bad like me they'll ask if you want the BUMPERS up.  Not like bowling's that complex anyway ( low funny voice ) "Ya want the bumpers?  We can get rid of the pins, why don't ya take this coloring book and sit in the corner.".  But I like bowling, it's perfect for the lazy man.  No other sport has a machine that roles the ball back to you, AT ARM LEVEL.  ( in low funny voice ) "Alright I'll keep play'in.  Is there any way I can do this in a chair or something?".
TITLE: Bowling Lyrics
ARTIST: Bo Burnham
LYRICS:
ooh ... what is this thing?
Just a reminder Bo, your EP is available now on iTunes.
Go and buy it, it is really good.
Ooh, hi, I didn't even see you there. I was just looking my notes over and ... ok
You wanna hear a song?

I love you like kings love queens,
like a gay geneticist loves designer jeans (genes)
I need you like New Orleans needs a drought,
like Hitler's father needed to learn to pull out.
And I want you ... yeah, like a lawyer slash mathematician wants some kind of proof.
And I want you like J.F.K. wanted .... a car with a roof.

Because love is, takin' that dive and gettin' really comfortable and peein' in the pool.
And love is, a real life porn ... minus all the stuff that makes porn cool.
And love is, a homeless guy ... searchin' for treasure in the middle of the rain and finding a bag of gold coins and slowly finding out they're all filled with chocolate and even though he's heartbroken he can't complain cuz he was hungry in the first place.

Because I love you like Dora loves maps,
like the Pope's toilet loves ... holy craps.
I need you like a voyeur needs a branch,
like boys tossing salad needs a little bit of Neverland ranch.
And I want you like all the gothic kids that look exactly the same never want to conform.
And I want you like Anne Frank wanted ... nobody to read her diary.
Cuz, like a diary is a collection of secret things that no one else reads, that's the whole point of a diary. Millions of people have breached this little girl's privacy after she was chased by Nazis, kick her while she's down.

And if we met in 10,000 B.C., I was your cave man you's my cave lady ...

If we god hot, we'd start rubbin',
if we got hungry, we'd go clubbin'.
There's woolly mammoths but I won't protect us,
you're makin' me devolve to a homoerectus.

And if we met in 1780, I was a white southern aristocratic plantation owner and you were my dark skinned servant lady ... slave

Whenever I could get away from the Mrs.,
I'd go to your shed and then I'd steal you kisses.
But let's be serious, I'd still work you full time as a slave, there's a difference between romantic language and a complete disregard for socioeconomic trends.

And if we met in 1941, I was a Nazi, you's a gypsy on the run (that's a little redundant)

That probably wouldn't have worked out ... yeah

Because, love is your favorite food for every breakfast, lunch and dinner.
And love is the holocaust, if you don't die quick and you don't get thinner.
And love is, bein' the owner of a company that makes rape whistles and even though you started the company with good intentions trying to reduce the rate of rape, now you don't wanna reduce it at all cuz if the rape rate declines you'll see an equal decline in whistle sales.
Without rapists, who's gonna buy your whistles?
Who's gonna buy your whistles?
Love is all about whistles.

That was for a girl by the way.
TITLE: Love Is... Lyrics
ARTIST: Seth MacFarlane
LYRICS:
No sweet and and pure angelic lass for me
That kinda girl can spin a web you'll see
She trades on wholesome innocennce galore
But it's my independence that she's trading for

The only affirmative she will file
Refers to marching down the aisle
No golden, glorious, gleaming pristine goddess, no sir
For no Diana do I play faun, I can tell you that right now

I snarl, I hiss, how can ignorance be compared to bliss?
I spark, I fizz for the lady who knows what time it is
I cheer, I rave for the virtue I'm too late to save
The sadder but wiser girl for me

No bright-eyed, blushing, nreathless baby doll baby
No sir, that kinda child ties knots no sailor ever knew

I prefer to take a chance on a more adult romance
No dewy young miss who keeps resisting
All the time she keeps insisting
No wide-eyed, wholesome, innocent female
Why, she's the fisherman, I'm the fish, you'll see

I flinch, I shy when the lass with the delicate air goes by
I smile, I grin when the girl with a touch of sin walks in
I hope and I pray for Hester to win just one more 'A'
The sadder but wiser girl for me

No giggling ice cream soda drinker
Out to hook you line and sinker
No honey throated beckoning siren
I plug my ears and I grab my oars and I flee

I cheer, I boo at the Puritan hearted aun jeune
I yearn, I long for the woman
Who's Pop says, "What went wrong?"

Iï»¿ root and I clap for the dame
In the gown-less evening strap
The sadder but wiser girl's the girl for me
The sadder but wiser girl for me
TITLE: The Sadder But Wiser Girl Lyrics
ARTIST: Adam Sandler
LYRICS:
Chanukah is the Festival of Lights,
Instead of one day of presents, we get eight crazy nights. 

When you feel like the only kid in town without a Christmas tree,
Heres a new list of people who are Jewish, just like you and me: 

Winona Ryder drinks Manischewitz wine
Then spins a dreidle with Ralph Lauren and Calvin Klein

Guess who gives and recieves lots of Chanukah toys:
The girls from Veruca Salt, and all three Beastie Boys

Lennie Kravitz is half Jewish; Courtney Love is half too,
Put them together, what a funky bad-ass Jew!  

We got Harvey Keitel, and Flash Dancer Jennifer Beals
Yasmin Bleeth from Baywatch is Jewish,
and yes, her boobs are real!

Put on that yarmulke, its time for Chanukah,
Two time Oscar winner Dustin Hoffman-akah celebrates Chanukah

O.J. Simpson, still not a Jew! 
But guess who is: The guy who does the voice for Scooby Doo.
Scooby Doo!

Bob Dylan was born a Jew, then he wasn't, but now he's back
Mary Tyler Moore's husband is Jewish,
'Cause we're pretty good in the sack

Guess who got Bar Mitzvah'd on the PGA tour:
No I'm not talking about Tiger Woods,
I'm talking about Mr. Happy Gilmore

So many Jews are in the show biz,
Bruce Springsteen isn't Jewish, 
But my mother thinks he is

Tell Daryl Lamonica, its time to celebrate Chanukah
It's not pronounced "Chanukah", The "C" is silent in Chanukah

So read your Hooked on Phonickah
Get drunk in Tijuanaikah
If you really, really wannakah
Have a happy, happy, happy, happy
Chanukah
Happy Chanukah!
TITLE: Chanukah Song Part 2 Lyrics
ARTIST: Kip Addotta
LYRICS:
Kip Addotta
Best Of Dr. Demento
Wet Dream
It was April the 41st, being a quadruple leap year
I was driving in downtown Atlantis
My Barracuda was in the shop, so I was in a rented Stingray, and it was
overheating
So I pulled into a Shell station
They said I'd blown a seal
I said, "Fix the damn thing and leave my private life out of it, okay
pal?"

While they were doing that I walked over to a place called the oyster
bar -- a real dive
But I knew the owner, he used to play for the Dolphins
I said, "Hi, Gil!!!"
You hafta yell, he's hard of herring

CHORUS:
Think I had a wet dream
Cruisin' through the Gulf Stream
Oooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Wet dream...

Gil was also down on his luck
Fact is, he was barely keeping his head below water
I gullied up to the sandbar
He poured the usual
Rusty snail, hold the grunion, shaken, not stirred
With a peanut butter and jellyfish sandwich on the side -- heavy on the
mako
I slipped him a fin -- on porpoise
I was feeling good
I even dropped a sand dollar in the box for Jerry's Squids -- for the
halibut

Well, the place was crowded
We were packed in like sardines
They were all there to listen to the big band sounds of Tommy Dorsal --
what sole
Tommy was rockin' the place with a very popular tuna -- "Salmon Chanted
Evening"
And the stage was surrounded by screaming groupers
Probably there to see the bass player

One of them was this cute little yellowtail
And she's giving ME the eye
So I figure, this is my chance for a little fun
You know -- a piece of Pisces

But she said things I just couldn't fathom
She was too deep, and seemed to be under a lot of pressure
Boy, could she drink
She drank like a...  she drank A LOT...
I said, "What's your sign?"
She said, "Aquarium"
I said, "GREAT!!!  Let's get tanked!"

CHORUS

I invited her up to my place for a little midnight bait
I said, "C'mon baby, it'll only take a few minnows"
She threw me that same old line
"Not tonight -- I got a haddock"

And she wasn't kiddin' either, 'cuz in came the biggest, meanest looking
haddock I'd ever seen come down the pike
He was covered with mussels
He came over to me, he said, "Listen shrimp -- don't you come trolling
around here"
What a crab
This guy was steamed -- I could see the anchor in his eyes

I turned to him, I said, "Abalone -- You're just being shellfish"
Well, I knew it was going to be trouble, and so did Gil, 'cuz he was
already on the phone to the cods
The haddock hits me with a sucker punch
I catch him with a left hook
He eels over
It was a fluke, but there he was, lying on the deck, flat as a mackerel
Kelpless

I said, "Forget the cods, Gil, this guy's gonna need a sturgeon"
Well, the yellowtail was impressed with the way I landed her boyfriend
She came over to me, she said, "Hey big boy, you're really a game fish"
"What's your name?"
I said, "Marlin"

CHORUS

Well from then on, we had a whale of a time
I took her to dinner
I took her to dance
I bought her a bouquet of flounders
And then I went home with her
And what did I get for my trouble?
A case of the clams

CHORUS
CHORUS/FADE
TITLE: Wet Dream Lyrics
ARTIST: Jon Lajoie
LYRICS:
Ah yeah, I'm back bitches.

Women are equal and they deserve respect
Just kidding,
They should suck my dick.

Vagina
What!
Vagina
What!
I wanna have sex with your vagina!
Uhh!
Vagina
What!
Vagina
What!
2 + 2 = Vagina

My love is like lightening.
It gives girls orgasms.
My dick is like an airplane.
It gives girls orgasms.

I'm the Wayne Gretsky of sexual stuff.
I'm the Hulk Hogan of slamming muff.
I'm the Indiana Jones of exploring crotch.
I'm the Shakespeare of enormous cock.
I'm the Helen Keller of having sex.
No wait that's a bad example.

Why did my penis cross the road?
To get to the other

Vagina
What!
Vagina
What!
I wanna have sex with your vagina!
Uhh!
Vagina
What!
Vagina
What!
E= McVagina

I've got a present for you right here
Actually it's not a present, it's my penis!
And I like to call it the spear
Cause spears are long and hard, like my penis

I don't like it when you talk.
Cause that just means you aren't sucking my penis.
Love is for girls and gays.
If you want to be with me it goes 1 of 2 ways.
Either you have sex with me
Or you have sex with me

I have really good sex moves
That I learned in China
I'm a sexual tiger
And I feed on vagina
Roar

Vagina
What!
Vagina
What!
I wanna have sex with your vagina!
Uhh!
Vagina
What!
Vagina
What!
What time is it? Vagina

What's the difference between a girls mouth and her vagina?
There is none.
I want my penis to be in both those things.

I'm a good sex man.
Girls love my sex.
I'm a good sex man.
Cause my sex is the best.

I'm like Jean Claude van Dam
But instead of fighting people, I have sex with them.
TITLE: Show Me Your Genitals 2:E=mc Vagina Lyrics
ARTIST: Seth MacFarlane
LYRICS:
We quarreled and we spatted from morning until night
We used to think it funny
But now it isn't quite the laughs it was before
So if you'll open the door, I'll bother you no more

My little chick-a-dee, you may say that you're through with me
You'll have no more to do with me
You're all through with me and good day
But you'll find that love won't let you get away

I'll find an area more remote than Bavaria
I'll still get in the hair of you, in Bavaria or Bombay
And you'll find that love won't let you get away

It's finis and done with, who will you have fun with?
You're no laughs to be with, who'll you watch TV with?
You're no one to pine for, who'll you chill the wine for?
This is too-da-loo, we're through

Just leave no trace at all, hide your heart any place at all
I won't miss your embrace at all or that face at all, come what may
Darling girl, I hope this won't upset you
But I'd like to bet you, love won't let you get away

Darling, you astound me, put your arms around me
But we're through completely but you kiss so sweetly
Must you always flatter, must you always chatter
At times like this, let's kiss

Well, here we go again, caught in love's undertow again
Latching on to that glow again, here we go again, hip hooray
Let the cynics laugh and try to get us, their doubts won't upset us
Love won't let us get away

Love won't let us get away
TITLE: Love Won't Let You Get Away Lyrics
ARTIST: Da Yoopers
LYRICS:
Da Yoopers
Miscellaneous
Second Week Of Deer Camp
SECOND WEEK OF DEER CAMP
Da Yoopers
(Dr. Demento's 25th anniversery tape)
Note: This transcription is dedicated to my uncle and
confirmation sponsor, Mr. Anthony Mazanec, who
was the best hunter in the Cleveland area
and who passed away last year

Hey there goes one (BANG!) Hey you shot my cow!
It's the second week of deer camp
I got a swollen head
I'm lying with the dustballs
Underneath the bed
An icy breeze is blowing
Into the tongue and groove
My pants are frozen to the floor
And I'm too sick to move
I didn't drink so many
Just durty (thirty) cans of beer
It musta been that last shot
That put me under here

REFRAIN
It's the second week of deer camp
And all the guys are here
We drink play cards and shoot the bull
But never shoot no deer
The only time we leave the camp
Is when we go for beer
The second week of deer camp
Is the greatest time of year

I remember playing poker
That weasel musta won
He's wearing my new swampers
And sleeping with my gun
He's snoring like a chainsaw
The camp smells like a dump
Someone's dirty underwear
Is hanging on the pump
Mickey's in the woodbox
Weener's on the stove
His flannel shirt is smoking (sniff)
I wonder if he knows (YEOW!)

REFRAIN

Beadle's crawling through the door
I think he got frostbite
He passed out in the outhouse
And he's been there since last night
Goofus stumbled through the door
He says he got a buck
He was coming from the wayside
And hit it with his truck
Musty cracked a beer and said
Let's celebrate
Goofus caught the first buck
Since 1968

REFRAIN
fade while repeating refrain

[email protected] or Tom Mazanec to humans
TITLE: Second Week Of Deer Camp Lyrics
ARTIST: The Axis of Awesome
LYRICS:
My life is brilliant, my love is pure
I saw an angel, of that I'm sure

People kill and people dying
Children hurt and hear them crying
Can you practice what you preach
Would you turn the other cheek

Forever young, I wanna be forever young

I won't hesitate no more, no more, it can not wait, I'm yours

This is the way you left me
I'm not pretending
No love, no hope, no glory
No happy ending

'Cause you are amazing
Oh, we did amazing things

If I could, then I would
I'll go wherever you will go

Can you feel the love tonight?

And she will be loved, and she will be loved

Oh take me home, country road
To the place where I belong

And I want a TV embrace

I'm your biggest fan
I'll follow you
Until you love me
Papa Papparazzi

Oh I can't live, with or without you

Whenever I fall, at your feet
You let your tears...

Am I not pretty enough?
Is my heart too broken?

When I find myself in times of trouble
Mother Mary comes to me

I'm starting with the man in the mirror

Sometimes I feel like I don't have a partner

That's the way it's gonna be, little darling
You go riding on the horses, yeah yeah

No woman, no cry

Now mama, this surely is a dream

I come from a land down under

Once a jolly swagman camped by a billabong

Dinkie die, true blue
The funny things you do
Australia, Australia this is you

They say that Taylor was a good girl
Never want to be late,
Complain, Express ideas in her brain

I need some love like
I've never needed love before
I wanna make love to your baby

Take on me

When I come around

Take me on

When I come around

I'll be gone
In a day or two

Save tonight and fight the break of dawn
Gonna take a lot to drag me away from you

Come tomorrow tomorrow I'll be gone
There's nothing that 100 men or more could ever do.

If I were a boy

I know that she's playing with me.

I think I would understand

Well that's okay, 'cause I got no self-esteem

With a thousand eyes,
And a good disguise,
Hit em right between the eyes,
Hit em right between the eyes

What's in your head, in your head?
Zombie, zombie, zombie, ay ay

It's too late to apologise, too late

Can't read my, can't read my
No, he can't read my poker face

C'mon Barbie, let's go party

'Cause I'm not here for your entertainment
You don't really wanna mess with me tonight

Take your canvas bags
Take your canvas bags
Take your canvas bags to the supermarket

Enjoy yourself, take only what you need from him
A family of trees fallen

Time to say goodbye
Paesi che non ho mai

Should old acquaintance be forgot
And never brought to mind

I'm more than a bird, I'm more than a plane
I'm a birdplane
I'm a birdplane
A motherfuckin' birdplane

Doesn't that sound familiar?
Doesn't that hit too close to home?
Doesn't that make you shiver
The way that things have gone?
And doesn't that seem peculiar
'Cause everyone wants a little more?
It's something I do remember
To never go this far
That's all it takes to be a star
TITLE: 4 Chords Lyrics
ARTIST: Monty Python
LYRICS:
Some things in life are bad they can really make you mad
Other things just make you swear and curse
When you're chewin' on life's gristle, don't grumble give a whistle
And this'll help things turn out for the best

And always look on the bright side of life
Always look on the light side of life

If life seems jolly rotten there's something you've forgotten
And that's to laugh and smile and dance and sing
When you're feeling in the dumps don't be silly chumps
Just purse your lips and whistle, that's the thing

And always look on the bright side of life
Come on, always look on the bright side of life

For life is quite absurd and death's the final word
You must always face the curtain with a bow
Forget about your sin, give the audience a grin
Enjoy it it's your last chance anyhow

So always look on the bright side of death
Just before you draw your terminal breath

Life's a piece of shit when you look at it
Life's a laugh and death's a joke it's true
You'll see it's all a show keep 'em laughing as you go
Just remember that the last laugh is on you

And always look on the bright side of life
Always look on the right side of life
Come on Brian, cheer up

Always look on the bright side of life
Always look on the bright side of life
Worse things happen at sea you know

Always look on the bright side of life
Always look on the bright side of life
Always look on the bright side of life
...
TITLE: Always Look On the Bright Side of Life Lyrics
ARTIST: Jeff Foxworthy
LYRICS:
Woo! Somebody done been to the WalMart
Man, this is the stuff I got for Christmas
Well you cleaned up, whatcha get?

5 flannel shirts, 4 big mud tires
3 shot gun shells, 2 huntin' dogs
And some parts to a Mustang GT

You got gypped, there's 12 days to Christmas!
I know that, I got it covered!
Look over there in the corner! That's yours too?
Yeah!

12 pack of bud, 11 wrestlin' tickets
Tin a' copenhagen, 9 years probation
8 table dancers, 7 packs of redman
6 cans of spam, 5 flannel shirts
4 big mud tires, 3 shot gun shells
2 huntin' dogs and some parts to a Mustang GT

Man, these ain't normal Christmas presents!
No, they're Redneck Gifts! Redneck gifts?
Yeah, like if you buy your wife earrings that double as fishin' lures
Or if you can burp the entire chorus to jingle bells
Perhaps if you think that the nut cracker
Is something you did off the high dive
Or if you've ever misspelled anything in Christmas lights
Or if you leave cold beer and pickled eggs for Santa Claus!
What's wrong with that?
I didn't say anything's wrong with it, it's hard to beat

12 pack of bud, 11 wrestlin' tickets
Tin a' copenhagen, 9 years probation
8 table dancers, 7 packs of redman
6 cans of spam, 5 flannel shirts
4 big mud tires, 3 shot gun shells
2 huntin' dogs and some parts to a Mustang GT

Well, you know, you can't really consider it a Christmas
Unless you go down to the penitentiary and visit your Momma
You're not listening to me, get the car key out of your ear
That's where the 9 years probation comes in
I'm gonna do it for you again, now listen

12 pack of bud, 11 wrestlin' tickets
Tin a' copenhagen, 9 years probation
8 table dancers, 7 packs of redman
6 cans of spam, 5 flannel shirts
4 big mud tires, 3 shot gun shells
2 huntin' dogs and some parts to a Mustang GT

Are you cryin'?
No, just my allergies
Happy Holidays everybody!
TITLE: Redneck 12 Days of Christmas Lyrics
ARTIST: The Bloodhound Gang
LYRICS:
Ha ha, well now, we call this the act of mating
But there are several other very important differences
Between human beings and animals that you should know about
I'd appreciate your input

Sweat baby, sweat baby
Sex is a Texas drought me
And you do the kind of stuff
That only Prince would sing about

So put your hands down my pants
And I'll bet you'll feel nuts
Yes, I'm Siskel, yes I'm Ebert
And you're getting two thumbs up

You've had enough of two hand touch
You want it rough, you're out of bounds
I want to you smothered, want you covered
Like my waffle house, hash, browns

Comin' quicker than Fed Ex
Never reaching apex like Coca Cola stock
You are inclined to make me rise an hour early
Just like daylight savings time

You and me baby, ain't nothin' but mammals
So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel
You and me baby, ain't nothin' but mammals
So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel

Love, the kind you clean up with a mop and bucket
Like the lost catacombs of Egypt
Only God knows where we stuck it
Hieroglyphics

Let me be specific
I wanna be down in your south seas
But I got this notion that the motion of your ocean
Means small craft advisory

So if I capsize on your thighs, high tide
B 5, you sunk my battleship
Please turn me on
I'm Mr.Cofee with an automatic drip

So show me yours, I'll show you mine
Tool time, you'll love it just like Lyle
And then we'll do it doggy style
So we can both watch X-files

You and me baby, ain't nothin' but mammals
So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel
You and me baby, ain't nothin' but mammals
So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel

You and me baby, ain't nothin' but mammals
So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel
You and me baby, ain't nothin' but mammals
So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel

You and me baby, ain't nothin' but mammals
So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel
You and me baby, ain't nothin' but mammals
So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel
TITLE: The Bad Touch Lyrics
ARTIST: Andy Griffith
LYRICS:
Andy Griffith
Miscellaneous
Fishing Hole
Well now, take down your fishing pole and meet me at the fishing hole
We may not get a bite all day but don’t you rush away
What a great place to rest your bones and mighty fine for skipping stones
You’ll feel fresh as a lemonade a-setting in the shade

Whether it’s hot, whether it’s cool
Oh what a spot for whistling like a fool

What a fine day to take a stroll and wind up at the fishing hole
I can’t think of a better way to pass the time of day

We’ll have no need to call the roll when we get to the fishing hole
They’ll be you, me, and old dog, trey to do the time away
If we don’t hook a perch or bass we’ll cool our toes in dewy grass
Or else pull up a weed to chaw and maybe sit and jaw

Hanging around, taking our ease
Watching that hound a scratching at his fleas

I’m gonna take down my fishing pole and meet you at the fishing hole
I can’t think of a better way to pass the time of day
TITLE: Fishing Hole Lyrics
ARTIST: Daniel Tosh
LYRICS:
Now, if you’re following me on twitter you know I had diarrhea today. Am I using that website properly? Sometimes I like to sit on the toilet reverse. “We’re listening.” Its nice right? You can turn around; you can lean on the tank. “I’m gonna be here for a while.” Yea, the people that are clapping right now are the ones like “Ok, all kidding aside, he is a genius.” No no no. It’s the simplicity. I’ve been sitting on that thing my whole life, you’re telling me I can turn around have a bowl of cereal? Yea, set the alarm ten minutes later? Multitask. All right, nobody should eat while on the toilet. “But I’m lactose intolerant and i've always wanted to enjoy a bowl of puffins with whole milk.” It’s more of an almond milk cereal but live your dream. Somebody emailed me and they were like “Hey dipshit.” Uh, which for the recor! d is a wonderful subject line if you ever want me to read your emails. “Oh, lets see what this nice fan has to say. You had me at hello.” He’s like “You know you have to take your pants completely off to sit on the toilet backwards.” Touché. All right, so I don’t research, it’s a pre-shower shit agreed? Can we move on sticklers to every joke detail? You ever have a post shower shit? Oh, might as well go back to bed and start your whole day over. Things are wrong, that’s not the order of events, there’s a glitch in the matrix, this worlds not real, Mom! Wipe me! I recently started flat-ironing my ball hair. Come no ladies you know how it is, if you have curly hair you just want straight hair. So now when people see my balls they’re like “oh my goodness that looks really really good. Isn’t that damaging to the hair?” I'm like “yea, but what are you gonna do?” I wish Victoria beckham would knock it off with all the cute do’s I cant keep up. My ! balls still have the ’06 posh. Remember that little trendy l! ittle cu t? Posh spice? Looks like my testicles. Am I the only person that hopes David beckham has sex with brad Pitt? I don’t know who’s in charge of casting in Hollywood but make it happen before one of ems out of their prime. Can you imagine those two men together making love? Oh, if there’s a man in here that’s junk doesn’t wiggle just a little bit at the thought of those two men together, this has nothing to do with your homophobic sexual preference, at that level its art you monkey. Ok? You should be honored to share the same restroom with those Greek gods. Can you imagine if they had a child? “Ahhhhh.” “The f- was that simba? What the fuck was that simba? That’s the beckham Pitt kid? That’s pittcum? The most beautiful child the world has ever seen?” picture baby Jesus, with better abs. that’s a good-looking baby. If they ha a baby Abercrombie store they’d hire him to work the front door. Right? Just standing there, shirtless, propped up, he cant stand! yet, just leaning against the wall. Big poster, big poster of himself just standing there, little tight pampers. And you’d walk in and you’d be like “ I don’t wanna say this, but I wanna fuck that baby. Oh man do I wanna fuck that baby. If I had three wishes two of them would be to fuck that baby and the third would be for more wishes. Oh you cant do that. Then I wanna fuck the baby a third time. I would like to use all three wishes, for banging that baby.” Go ahead dumb people be offended by a joke that doesn’t have a plausible premise. Oh id love to read your email, “I felt you went over the line a bit, when you theoretically wanted to fornicate with a mythical child.” Heads up Mormons this jokes gonna sting. Next time a golden plate falls from the heavens, go ahead and put it in your spam file. Lets not base your entire life on a religion that’s old enough for my dad to be like, “oh yea, that’s not true. That didn’t happen. I don’t know why the! y’re wearing their pajamas under their clothes. I assume tha! t their god wants them to be comfy.” The Mormon Church spent twenty million dollars in the state of California, making sure that queers didn’t legally get married. Successfully I might add. So I guess we’re not all as liberal as we thought. And this is what I say to the most conservative person, that’s so terrified of gay marriage becoming legal, just because the state says its legal, its not like gods gonna let them into heaven. So you can still sleep sound every night knowing that goal line defense is up at the pearly gates just going “you’re not getting in here faggots.”
TITLE: Two Lyrics
ARTIST: Rucka Rucka Ali
LYRICS:
She was lickin' my nuts, nuts
Eatin' my skeet, skeet
Now I'm locked up, up
Beatin' my meat, meat

Open my eyes, yeah
She was only seventeen

We was sippin' on yak, yak
She takin' her clothes off
Now someone black's,
Tellin' me to bend over

I realize, yeah
She was only seventeen

My life is a story of trials and jailbait
Why do I have a bisexual cellmate?
I told some hoe to get naked
Now I'm in jail,
And I'm gettin' butt raped, and

Shoulda told her to show me some ID
Before I know it,
She was suckin' on my "D"
In prison, I can't get into a gang
So I'm gettin' gang raped by Mexicans

I fucked up my life
Her butthole was tight
But not worth doin' time
'cause now I'm gettin' boned in mine

I was up in her butt, butt
Slappin' them cheeks, cheeks
Now I'm gettin' love
From a guy named Jesus

Open my eyes, yeah
She was only seventeen

She was lickin' my dick, dick
Givin' me blowjobs
Now I'm gettin' sex,
When I'm droppin' the soap, and
I realize, yeah
She was only seventeen

When I was gettin' laid,
Her age was of no concern
Now I'm gettin' AIDS
Them gays are takin' turns
And I just wish them homies would stop rapin' my cornhole
Come on ya'll
Go play basketball

How could I have ever known
That the hoe is underage
I just wanted her to give me and my friends a couple handjobs

Yeah
I was all up in her muff
I guess grass on the field isn't enough

I got a Jewish lawyer when I went to court
But my judge knew exactly who I was
And since when should a woman be allowed to be a judge?
They're all dumb

She was lickin' my nuts, nuts
Eatin' my skeet, skeet
Now I'm locked up, up
Beatin' my meat, meat

Open my eyes, yeah
She was only seventeen

We was sippin' on yak, yak
She takin' her clothes off
Now someone blacks, tellin' me to bend over

I realize, yeah
She was only seventeen

If you ever got a hoe to take her pants off
And then the cops takin' you away in handcuffs
And Chris Hansen's sayin' "Why don't you have a seat here with me?"
Ninja please

I shoulda never old a hoe to take her pants off
I shoulda never nutted up inside her asshole
Because the sperm in her butt was evidence against me
She told me she was forty three


She was lickin' my nuts, nuts
Eatin' my skeet, skeet
Now I'm locked up, up
Beatin' my meat, meat

Open my eyes, yeah
She was only seventeen

We was sippin' on yak, yak
She takin' her clothes off
Now someone blacks, tellin' me to bend over

I realize, yeah
She was only seventeen

I was up in her butt, butt
Slappin' them cheeks, cheeks
Now I'm gettin' love
From a guy named Jesus

Open my eyes, yeah
She was only seventeen

She was lickin' my dick, dick
Givin' me blowjobs
Now I'm gettin' sex,
When I'm droppin' the soap, and
I realize, yeah
She was only seventeen

In the case of the pople VS Rucka Rucka Ali
The defendant is found guilty
Enjoy getting your butt fucked by a man with amny tattoos and questionable citizinship

Suck my balls
TITLE: Only 17 Lyrics
ARTIST: Allan Sherman
LYRICS:
Allan Sherman
Miscellaneous
The Twelve Days Of Christmas
THE TWELVE DAYS OF CHRISTMAS
Allan Sherman
Note: "S" is Sherman, "C" is the chorus and "B" is both

S: On the first day of Christmas my true love gave to me
A Japanese transistor radio
C: On the second day of Christmas my true love gave to me
S: Green polka dot pajamas
C: And a Japanese transistor radio
S: It's a Nakashuma
C: On the third day of Christmas my true love gave to me
S: A calendar book with the name of my insurance man
C: Green polka dot pajamas and a Japanese transistor radio
S: It's the Mark 4 model - that's the one that's discontinued
C: On the fourth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
S: A simulated alligator wallet
C: A calendar book with the name of my insurance man,
green polka dot pajamas and a Japanese transistor radio
S: And it comes with a leatherette case with holes in it
so you can listen right through the case
C: On the fifth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
S: A statue of a lady with a clock where her stomach ought to be
C: A simulated alligator wallet, a calendar book with the name
of my insurance man, green polka dot pajamas and a
Japanese transistor radio
S: And it has a wire with a thing on one end that you can stick
in your ear and a thing on the other end you can't stick
anywhere because it's bent
C: On the sixth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
S: A hammered aluminum nutcracker, and all that other stuff
C: And a Japanese transistor radio
On the seventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me
S: A pink satin pillow that said "San Diego" with fringe all around it
And all that other stuff
C: And a Japanese transistor radio
On the eighth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
S: An indoor plastic birdbath
C: All that other stuff
S: And a Japanese transistor radio
C: On the ninth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
S: A pair of teakwood showercloths
C: And a Japanese transistor radio
On the tenth day of Christmas my true love gave to me
S: A chromium combination manicure, scissors and cigarette lighter
C: And a Japanese transistor radio
On the eleventh day of christmas my true love gave to me
S: An automatic vegetable slicer that works when you see it on television
But not when you get it home
C: And a Japanese transistor radio
S: On the twelfth day of Christmas although it may seem strange
On the twelfth day of Christmas I'm going to exchange
An automatic vegetable slicer that works when you see it on television
But not when you get it home
C: A chromium combination manicure, scissors and cigarette lighter
S: A pair of teakwood showercloths
C: An indoor plastic birdbath
S: A pink satin pillow that said "San Diego" with fringe all around it
C: A hammered aluminum nutcracker
S: A statue of a lady with a clock where her stomach ought to be
C: A simulated alligator wallet
S: A calendar book with the name of my insurance man
C: Green polka dot pajamas
B: AND A JAPANESE TRANSISTOR RADIO
S: MERRY CHRISTMAS, EVERYBODY!

[email protected] or Tom Mazanec to humans
TITLE: The Twelve Days Of Christmas Lyrics
ARTIST: Adam Sandler
LYRICS:
This is a song, that uh,
Theres a lot of Christmas songs out there,
But not too many about Chanukah,
So I wrote a song for all those nice little
Jewish kids who dont get to hear any Chanukah songs,
Here we go... 

Put on your yarmulke, here comes Chanukah
Its so much fun-akkah to celebrate Chanukah, 

Chanukah is the Festival of Lights,
Instead of one day of presents, we have eight crazy nights. 

When you feel like the only kid in town without a Christmas tree,
Heres a list of people who are Jewish, just like you and me: 

David Lee Roth lights the menorrah,
So do James Caan, Kirk Douglas, and the late Dinah Shore-ah 

Guess who eats together at the Karnickey Deli,
Bowzer from Sha-na-na, and Arthur Fonzerrelli. 

Paul Newman's half Jewish; Goldie Hawn's half too,
Put them together, what a fine lookin Jew!  

You dont need Deck the Halls or Jingle Bell Rock
Cause you can spin a dreidle with Captain Kirk and Mr. Spock, both Jewish! 

Put on your yarmulke, its time for Chanukah,
The owner of the Seattle Supersonic-ahs celebrates Chanukah. 

O.J. Simpson, not a Jew! 
But guess who is...Hall of Famer, Rod Carew, (he converted!) 

We got Ann Landers and her sister Dear Abby,
Harrison Ford' a quarter Jewish, not too shabby! 

Some people think that Ebeneezer Scrooge is,
Well, hes not, but guess who is: All three stooges.  

So many Jews are in show biz,
Tom Cruise isn't, but I heard his agent is. 

Tell your friend Veronica, its time you celebrate Chanukah
I hope I get a harmonica, on this lovely, lovely Chanukah. 

So drink your gin-and-tonic-ah, and smoke your marijuan-ikah,
If you really, really wanna-kah,
Have a happy, happy, happy, happy Chanukah
TITLE: The Chanukah Song Lyrics
ARTIST: George Carlin
LYRICS:
Actually, this is just a place for my stuff, ya know? That's all; a little place for my stuff. That's all I want, that's all you need in life, is a little place for your stuff, ya know? I can see it on your table, everybody's got a little place for their stuff. This is my stuff, that's your stuff, that'll be his stuff over there.
That's all you need in life, a little place for your stuff. That's all your house is- a place to keep your stuff. If you didn't have so much stuff, you wouldn't need a house. You could just walk around all the time. A house is just a pile of stuff with a cover on it. You can see that when you're taking off in an airplane. You look down, you see everybody's got a little pile of stuff. All the little piles of stuff. And when you leave your house, you gotta lock it up. Wouldn't want somebody to come by and take some of your stuff. They always take the good stuff. They never bother with that crap you're saving. All they want is the shiny stuff. That's what your house is, a place to keep your stuff while you go out and get...more stuff! Sometimes you gotta move, gotta get a bigger house. Why? No room for your stuff anymore.

Did you ever notice when you go to somebody else's house, you never quite feel a hundred percent at home? You know why? No room for your stuff. Somebody else's stuff is all over the goddamn place! And if you stay overnight, unexpectedly, they give you a little bedroom to sleep in. Bedroom they haven't used in about eleven years. Someone died in it, eleven years ago. And they haven't moved any of his stuff! Right next to the bed there's usually a dresser or a bureau of some kind, and there's no room for your stuff on it. Somebody else's shit is on the dresser. Have you noticed that their stuff is shit and your shit is stuff? God! And you say, "Get that shit off of there and let me put my stuff down!"

Sometimes you leave your house to go on vacation. And you gotta take some of your stuff with you. Gotta take about two big suitcases full of stuff, when you go on vacation. You gotta take a smaller version of your house. It's the second version of your stuff. And you're gonna fly all the way to Honolulu. Gonna go across the continent, across half an ocean to Honolulu. You get down to the hotel room in Honolulu and you open up your suitcase and you put away all your stuff. "Here's a place here, put a little bit of stuff there, put some stuff here, put some stuff- you put your stuff there, I'll put some stuff- here's another place for stuff, look at this, I'll put some stuff here." And even though you're far away from home, you start to get used to it, you start to feel okay, because after all, you do have some of your stuff with you.

That's when your friend calls up from Maui, and says, "Hey, why don'tcha come over to Maui for the weekend and spend a couple of nights over here." Oh, no! Now what do I pack? Right, you've gotta pack an even smaller version of your stuff. The third version of your house. Just enough stuff to take to Maui for a coupla days. You get over to Maui- I mean you're really getting extended now, when you think about it. You got stuff all the way back on the mainland, you got stuff on another island, you got stuff on this island. I mean, supply lines are getting longer and harder to maintain.

You get over to your friend's house on Maui and he gives you a little place to sleep, a little bed right next to his windowsill or something. You put some of your stuff up there. You put your stuff up there. You got your Visine, you got your nail clippers, and you put everything up. It takes about an hour and a half, but after a while you finally feel okay, say, "All right, I got my nail clippers, I must be okay." That's when your friend says, "Aaaaay, I think tonight we'll go over the other side of the island, visit a pal of mine and maybe stay over." Aww, no. NOW what do you pack? Right- you gotta pack an even SMALLER version of your stuff. The fourth version of your house. Only the stuff you know you're gonna need. Money, keys, comb, wallet, lighter, hanky, pen, smokes, rubber and change. Well, only the stuff you HOPE you're gonna need.
TITLE: A Place For My Stuff Lyrics
ARTIST: Adam Sandler
LYRICS:
Adam Sandler
Miscellaneous
The Hanukkah Song
Intro: this is a song, that uh, theres alot of xmas songs out there, but not
Too many about hanukkah, so i wrote a song for all those nice little jewish
Kids who dont get to hear any hanukkah songs--here we go...

Put on your yalmulka, here comes hanukkah
Its so much fun-akkah to celebrate hanukkah,

Hanukkah is the festival of lights,
Instead of one day of presents, we have eight crazy nights.

When you feel like the only kid in town without a x-mas tree, heres a list of
People who are jewish, just like you and me:

David lee roth lights the menorrah,
So do james caan, kirk douglas, and the late dinah shore-ah

Guess who eats together at the karnickey deli,
Bowzer from sha-na-na, and arthur fonzerrelli.

Paul newmans half jewish; goldie hawns half too,
Put them together--what a fine lookin' jew! [esus]

You dont need deck the halls or jingle bell rock
Cause you can spin the dreidl with captain kirk and mr. spock--both jewish!
[esus]

Put on your yalmulka, its time for hanukkah,
The owner of the seattle super sonic-ahs celebrates hanukkah.

O.j. simpson-- not a jew!
But guess who is...hall of famer¡ºrod carew--(he converted!)

We got ann landers and her sister dear abby,
Harrison fords a quarter jewish--not too shabby!

Some people think that ebeneezer scrooge is,
Well, hes not, but guess who is:all three stooges. [esus]

So many jews are in show biz--
Tom cruise isn¹t, [tacit] but i heard his agent is. [esus]

Tell your friend veronica, its time you celebrate hanukkah
I hope i get a harmonica, on this lovely, lovely hanukkah.

So drink your gin-and-tonic-ah, and smoke your mara-juanic-ah,
If you really, really wanna-kah, have a happy, happy, happy, happy
Hanukkah¡­¡­. happy hanukka!
TITLE: The Hanukkah Song Lyrics
ARTIST: Jon Lajoie
LYRICS:
Women are stupid, and I don't respect them,
That's right, I just have sex with them,

Show me your genitals, your genitals,
(What!)
Show me your genitals,
(Your genitalia!)
Show me your genitals, your genitals,
(What!)
Show me your genitals,
(Your genitalia!)

You're talking to me about stuff, why?
I'd rather see your titties,
Now you're talking to me about other stuff, why?
I'd much rather see your titties,

I can't have sex with your personality,
And I can't put my penis in your college degree,
And I can't shove my fist in your childhood dreams,
So why're you sharing all this information with me?

It's not sexist 'cause I'm saying it in a song,
That's right bitch, now take off your thong, and...

Show me your genitals, your genitals,
(What!)
Show me your genitals,
(Your genitalia!)
Show me your genitals, your genitals,
(What!)
Show me your genitals,
(Your genitalia!)

Knock knock, who's there?
It's me, wondering why you're not naked,
Knock knock, who's there?
Me again, still wondering why you're not naked,

I wanna see your bum, I don't care what you say,
No I don't have feelings, 'cause feelings are gay,
Something something in the month of May,
Bitches love my penis 'cause it's really big,

Girl's brains are much stupider than men's are,
So they should always listen to us, 'cause we're smart,
Women are only good for three things,
Cooking, cleaning, and vaginas,

Show me your genitals, your genitals,
(What!)
Show me your genitals,
(Your genitalia!)
Show me your genitals, your genitals,
(What!)
Show me your genitals,
(Your genitalia!)

I can give good sex to you,
'Cause I'm really good at sex,
I can give good sex to you,
'Cause I'm really good at sex,

Aww yeah, that's right,
Shake your...bums,
I'm out of here,
I gotta...go have sex with a lot of girls.
TITLE: Show Me Your Genitals Lyrics
/END LYRICS
